gh-143103: Added `pad` parameter to `base64.z85encode` (#143106)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-12-23-17-07-22.gh-issue-143103.LRjXEW.rst

> :func:`base64.z85encode` now has a ``pad`` argument.

Reviewer: A function has _parameters_. A function accepts _arguments_.

Author: Thanks, fixed.

> :func:`base64.z85encode` now has a ``pad`` parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add padding support to :func:`base64.z85encode` via the ``pad`` parameter.
```
